Update network-plugins.md (#17109)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md

The CNI plugin is selected by passing Kubelet the `--network-plugin=cni` command-line option.  Kubelet reads a file from `--cni-conf-dir` (default `/etc/cni/net.d`) and uses the CNI configuration from that file to set up each pod's network.  The CNI configuration file must match the [CNI specification](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/master/SPEC.md#network-configuration), and any required CNI plugins referenced by the configuration must be present in `--cni-bin-dir` (default `/opt/cni/bin`).

> If there are multiple CNI configuration files in the directory, the first by name in lexicographicorder is used.

Reviewer: missing space in "lexicographic order"

Reviewer 2: Here's a suggested reword
```suggestion
If there are multiple CNI configuration files in the directory, the kubelet uses the configuration file that comes first by name in lexicographic order.
```

Author: @miteshskj Thanks that was hopeless of me
@sftim That's actually much better
